accpet book return: 
"reg no means the registration number of the student provided by the college and lib id is the library Id of the book given at the end of the book and the return date is the date on which the book is being reuturned to the library.The format is given in the bracket"


check student details:
"only one of the fields is required to know the student details.reg no means the registration number of the student provided by the college and the user id is the Id choosen by a user.click on search to know the details about the student whose ID is entered"

create student account:
"name field is for the full name of the student.reg no means the registration number of the student provided by the college and the user id is the id choosen by the student to log in to the system.click on create to create the student account and then go to update student account to update the details.
All the fields should start with capital letters."

admin delete book:
"enter the lib id of the book given at the end of it.click on delete to delete the book from the database."

update student details:
"reg no means the registration number of the student provided by the college.enter the reg no and click on update to update the student's details."

book availability:
"The books desired by the user will be displayed here according to the search result."

student details:
"reg no means the registration number of the student provided by the college.dept. means the department in the college he belongs to.click on done when the viewing if student data is done."

delete book view:
"click on delete button to delete the book specfied on the above labels.The book will be deleted from the database after the button is clicked."

student check book view:
"All fields are not necessary to be known.If one of the fields is known then also the book can be found.The starting text in all fields should be capital.
click on search button to search a book in the library.The cancel or done button will close the window."

student check book view:
"this contains the result of the books according to the data provided by the student.click on done when you are done viewing the result."

student request issue:
"enter the library id int he lib id marked field request for the issue of the book.Library id can be found at the end of the book."

pending dues:
"this shows the dues with respect to a particular registration number.click on done when you are done viewing the dues."

student landing view:
"this is the window for the student to access the facilities of the library.here you can search for specific book.check for your dues and request the issue of a particular book."

update student:
"this window is to update the student records.The record fields that need to be updated are filled by overwriting the previous values.click on update button to update the database.click cancel to go back to previous window."
